h4. to jumpstart this puzzles git repo into a local repo of @your choices@.

# @git config --global user.name@ @"Henry Lee"@
# @git config --global user.email@ [@honesthenry@gmail.com@]
# @git clone git://github.com/0ishi/puzzles.git@ @puzzles@
# @cd@ %{color:blue}@puzzles@% # change directory into your local repo.

h4. to get to normal workflow of edit, revert, cache, commit, and push to remote.

# (edit files)
# status of your local changes (optional), e.g. @git status@
# discard your local changes (optional), e.g. @git checkout .@
# put changes to cache (also called index), e.g. @git add src/Puzzles.cs@
# get rid of changes out of cache (optional), e.g. @git reset src/puzzles.java@
# diff --cached before commit, e.g. @git diff --cached@
# commit changes, e.g. @git commit -m 'added Puzzles.cs.'@
# push to remote git repo, e.g. [@git push git@github.com:0ishi/puzzles.git@]
# pull from remote git repo (optional), e.g. @git pull@

h4. to shortcut most common git commands using your favorite shell aliases.

<pre>
alias gst='git status' # status of changes
alias gco='git checkout' # revert changes
alias gdf='git diff' # diff of index with HEAD
alias gdfcached='git diff --cached' # diff of working and index
alias gdfhead='git diff HEAD' # diff of working and HEAD
alias gad='git add' # into cache
alias gci='git commit' # commit
alias grs='git reset' # out of cache
alias gps='git push' # push
alias gpl='git pull' # pull
alias github='cd /Users/henry/github' # on mac osx
alias puzzles='cd /Users/henry/github/puzzles' # on mac osx
</pre>

h4. to produce colorful output with git commands.

<pre>
git config --global color.diff auto
git config --global color.status auto
git config --global color.branch auto
</pre>

h4. resources

"윈도우즈에서 Git-1.7.x.x-exe (데스크탑 용) 설치":http://code.google.com/p/msysgit/
"윈도우즈에서 Git 사용 가이드":http://github.com/0ishi/puzzles/wiki/Git-on-Windows